docs(router): usage of accessing the loaderData on the data-loading guide (#2864)
TanStack/router: docs/framework/react/guide/data-loading.md

Using these parameters, we can do a lot of cool things, but first, let's take a look at how we can control it and when the `loader` function is called.

## Consuming data from `loader`s

To consume data from a `loader`, use the `useLoaderData` hook defined on your Route object.

```tsx
const posts = Route.useLoaderData()
```

> If you don't have ready access to your route object (ie you're deep in the component tree for the current route), you can use `getRouteApi` to access the same hook (as well as the other hooks on the Route object). This should be preferred over importing the Route object, which is likely to create circular dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have ready access to your route object (i.e. you're deep in the component tree for the current route), you can use `getRouteApi` to access the same hook (as well as the other hooks on the Route object). This should be preferred over importing the Route object, which is likely to create circular dependencies.
```
